Improves JS Number type description (#14348)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/data_structures/index.md

> ECMAScript has two built-in numeric types: **Number** and **BigInt** (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECMAScript has two built-in numeric types: **Number** and **BigInt**:
```

> The Number type is a [double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754 value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_precision_floating-point_format). It is capable of storing floating-point numbers between 2^-1074 and 2^1024, but only integers in the range -(2^53 − 1) to 2^53 − 1. Values outside of the range from {{jsxref("Number.MIN_VALUE")}} and {{jsxref("Number.MAX_VALUE")}} are automatically converted to either `+Infinity` or `-Infinity`. They behave similarly to mathematical infinity, but with some slight differences; see {{jsxref("Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY")}} for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Number type is a [double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754 value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_precision_floating-point_format). It is capable of storing floating-point numbers between 2^-1074 and 2^1024, but only integers in the range -(2^53 − 1) to 2^53 − 1. Values outside of the range from {{jsxref("Number.MIN_VALUE")}} and {{jsxref("Number.MAX_VALUE")}} are automatically converted to either `+Infinity` or `-Infinity`, which behave similarly to mathematical infinity, but with some slight differences; see {{jsxref("Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY")}} for details.
```

> The Number type is a [double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754 value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_precision_floating-point_format). It is capable of storing floating-point numbers between 2^-1074 and 2^1024, but integers can be safely used only in range -(2^53 − 1) to 2^53 − 1. Values outside of {{jsxref("Number.MIN_VALUE")}} and {{jsxref("Number.MAX_VALUE")}} range, are automatically converted to either `+Infinity` or `-Infinity`. They behave similary to mathematical infinity, but with some slight differences; see {{jsxref("Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY")}} for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Number type is a [double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754 value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_precision_floating-point_format). It is capable of storing floating-point numbers between 2^-1074 and 2^1024, but only integers in the range -(2^53 − 1) to 2^53 − 1. Values outside of the range from {{jsxref("Number.MIN_VALUE")}} and {{jsxref("Number.MAX_VALUE")}} are automatically converted to either `+Infinity` or `-Infinity`. They behave similarly to mathematical infinity, but with some slight differences; see {{jsxref("Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY")}} for details.
```
